9
Medical coverage
Company A offers three medical plan options:
IMPORTANT: Only in-network coverage  
(except for emergencies)
Using in-network providers is critical. As a general rule, 
Company A medical plans do not cover out-of-network care 
except in emergencies.
The BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access option makes  
it easier to access important care virtually from wherever  
you live. Lower your costs by using a Teladoc virtual PCP  
to coordinate your care and provide referrals when needed.  
You can also receive in-person care from in-network  
providers in BCBSIL’s network, without a referral, at the  
Tier 2 benefits level. 
Copay Plan options provide 100% coverage for certain 
routine services, like office visits, after you pay a copay ($20 
per office visit or $35 per specialist office visit). There are two 
Copay options to choose from (Copay Plan or Premier Copay 
Plan) with different annual deductibles and out-of-pocket 
maximums. Copay options have higher per-paycheck costs.
HSA Plan option features lower per-paycheck costs and 
offer the tax advantage of a Health Savings Account (HSA). 
There is a combined medical and prescription deductible, 
which means you’ll pay the full cost for all nonpreventive 
services and prescriptions until the combined medical and 
prescription drug deductible is met. 
Company A has selected a comprehensive and cost-effective 
medical insurance carrier for your area.   
1
2
3
Your medical, dental and vision costs
To see what you’ll pay for medical, dental  
and vision coverage and care, get your  
2025 estimated costs. (Access code:  
Stnd2025%#)

10
Choose your PCP
Select your virtual PCP on 
the Blue Element Mobile IL 
mobile app or on 
myBlueElementIL.com.  
You can change to a 
different Teladoc virtual  
PCP at any time. Plus, each 
family member who is age 
18 or older can choose their 
own virtual PCP. 
Schedule your  
first appointment
When you need care, use 
the Blue Element Mobile IL 
app to schedule a virtual 
visit using the Primary 360 
tile—choose who needs 
care, which provider you’d 
like to see, if you’d like to 
meet via phone or video, 
and then select a day and 
time that works for you.  
You will also complete an 
assessment in the app 
before your visit to provide 
your PCP with information. 
Prepare for your 
appointment
You will receive a blood 
pressure and heart monitor 
in the mail ahead of your 
first visit, and you will 
complete an easy health 
assessment.
Meet with your PCP
Meet virtually with your 
Teladoc virtual PCP to 
discuss the information you 
submitted and any other 
health concerns you have.
• For care you can’t receive 
virtually, you can choose 
to receive Tier 1 benefits 
and lower your costs  
by using in-network 
in-person providers 
referred by your Teladoc 
virtual PCP (including 
certain Company A Health 
partners and other BCBSIL 
Network providers). 
• You also have the option  
to receive in-person care 
from any in-network 
provider in BCBSIL’s 
network, without a referral, 
at the Tier 2 benefits level. 
Receive your  
care plan
After your visit, your  
Teladoc virtual PCP will  
add your care plan, including 
any prescriptions, to your 
member portal. You can 
have your prescriptions  
filled at the pharmacy of 
your choice, subject to the 
terms of your health plan’s 
prescription benefit and  
will pay the lesser of the 
applicable copay or the  
cost of the drug.
How the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access option works
If you enroll in the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access medical option, 
this is how you will receive care under the plan.
Watch this video to learn more about this 
convenient and innovative medical plan option.

11
If you enroll in BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access, you will select a 
Teladoc virtual PCP to be your first point of contact. But you are not 
restricted to receiving “virtual-only” or “telehealth-only” care. 
In-person visits to network providers are permitted, and Tier 1 
benefits will apply when you are referred by your Teladoc virtual 
PCP to Company A Health partners or a BCBSIL Network provider 
(otherwise, Tier 2 benefits will apply). Children under age 18 must 
seek care from participating in-person providers, so their care will 
be considered Tier 1 whether or not any virtual care is used.
How you pay for care under this option
All virtual care services through Teladoc are $0, including PCP, 
specialist, mental health visits, chronic condition management and 
more. Other common in-person services are available for a flat 
copay including specialist and mental health visits (under the Tier 2 
benefit), labs, basic radiology and urgent care. The amount of your 
copay will depend on whether you receive a referral from your  
virtual PCP into Tier 1 or you seek in-person care without a referral 
under Tier 2. 
In both Tier 1 and Tier 2, your nonpreventive care is subject to a 
deductible, coinsurance and an out-of-pocket maximum—but many 
common healthcare services are available with just a copay. 
Preventive care is always covered at 100% in both Tier 1 and Tier 2. 
Children under age 18 must seek care from participating in-person 
providers, so their care will be considered Tier 1 whether or not 
virtual care is used.
Have questions?
You can call the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access plan’s customer 
service number at 1.855.453.4747. Representatives are available 
Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central time. 
How the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access option 
works 
continued

12
BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access
Tier 1 Tier 2
Per Paycheck CostsLowLow
PCP (age 18+) $0 with Teladoc virtual care
$0 copay in-person with referral from virtual PCP 
(including VillageMD)
$90 copay
Pediatric Care (under 18) $0 copay$0 copay
Mental Health Counseling$0 copay with Teladoc virtual care
$0 copay in-person with referral from virtual PCP 
(including VillageMD)
$90 copay
Specialists$0 copay with Teladoc virtual care
$70 copay in-person with referral from virtual PCP 
(including VillageMD)
$120 copay
Preventive Care$0 copay$0 copay
Lab$30 copay with referral from virtual PCP$60 copay
Basic Radiology$100 copay with referral from virtual PCP$150 copay
High-Cost Radiology: Inpatient Care 
and Outpatient Care
30% coinsurance after deductible with referral from 
virtual PCP
40% coinsurance after deductible
Outpatient30% coinsurance after deductible with referral from 
virtual PCP
40% coinsurance after deductible
Urgent Care$0 copay with Teladoc virtual care
$0 copay at VillageMD with referral from virtual PCP
$100 copay in-person with referral from virtual PCP
40% coinsurance after deductible
Emergency Room30% coinsurance after deductible30% coinsurance after deductible
Deductible (individual/family)*$4,500/$9,000$6,500/$13,000
Out-of-Pocket Maximum  
(individual/family)
$9,000/$18,000$9,000/$18,000
Available Spending and  
Savings Account
Healthcare FSAHealthcare FSA
*    Many services have copays instead of coinsurance and a deductible. Copays count toward the out-of-pocket maximum. Because the annual deductible and out-of-pocket 
maximum cross apply between two tiers, the Tier 2 amount is the most you will pay.
Your medical plan options at a glance

13
Copay PlansHSA Plan
Copay PlanPremier Copay Plan
Per Paycheck CostsMediumHighLow
Office Visit Copay$20 PCP; $35 SpecialistDoes not apply; office visits are subject to the 
deductible and coinsurance
In-Network Preventive CareCovered at 100%, no deductibleCovered at 100%, no deductible
Deductible  
(individual/family)
$3,000/$6,000$750/$1,500$2,000/$4,000
Company A in-store clinic$5 copayFull price until you meet the deductible. $5 after 
deductible is met. However, you may be charged  
the full cost at the time of service or the $5 copay 
depending on the clinic.
Outpatient CareYou pay 20% after deductible.You pay 20% after deductible.
Most other servicesYou pay 20% after deductible.You pay 20% after deductible.
Coinsurance20% after deductible20% after deductible
Out-of-Pocket Maximum  
(individual/family)
$6,000/$12,000$3,500/$7,000$5,250/$10,500
Available Spending and  
Savings Accounts
Healthcare FSAHealth Savings Account
Limited Purpose Healthcare FSA
Note: With the HSA plan, you’ll pay the full cost for all nonpreventive services and prescriptions until the combined medical and prescription drug deductible is met before your 
plan starts paying benefits.
The above benefit(s) may not apply (or may apply differently) to certain union and other team members based on applicable agreements. 
Your medical plan options at a glance 
continued
The BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access option works differently from the existing HSA and Copay options. Visit the Benefits Support 
Center website to watch a video and learn more about this telehealth focused plan.
Preventive screenings, health resources and advocacy programs
Preventive testing and early detection are vital for identifying health conditions, including cancer, before they progress. 
Learn about the plans, programs and resources your medical carrier offers to support your health. 

14
BCBSIL myVirtualCare AccessCopay PlansHSA Plan
Tier 1 Tier 2CorePremier
Preventive Drugs
1
$0 for preventive prescriptions$0 for preventive prescriptions$0 for certain preventive prescriptions
Nonpreventive 
Drugs
You pay the lesser of the copay or the cost 
of the prescription.
You pay the lesser of the copay or the cost 
of the prescription.
Before you meet your plan deductible, you 
pay the full cost.
After the plan deductible is met, you pay 
the lesser of the copay or the cost of the 
prescription.
Prescription Drugs (30- to 90-day supplies)
30-Day Supply (Retail)
90-Day Supply (Mail Order through Company A Mail Service or  
at Company A)
Generic$10 copay$25 copay
2
Brand Formulary$25 copay$50 copay
Non-Formulary$50 copay$100 copay
Prescription drug coverage
Prescription drug coverage is the same under all options:
1 
To be considered an eligible preventive drug, the medication must be considered preventive under the Affordable Care Act and as identified under IRS rules—and 
prescribed by a doctor—even for products sold over the counter (OTC). Also, you must use an in-network retail pharmacy or mail-order service. In the HSA Plan, for other 
drugs not on the HSA Drug List, you will pay the applicable copay but not the deductible. Visit the OptumRx enrollment preview site at welcome.optumrx.com/companya.  
Call 1.855.376.3214 for additional information.
2
 $20 copay for Kaiser Permanente options offered in California, Washington DC, Maryland and Virginia.
Fertility coverage
There is a $15,000 lifetime 
maximum for fertility drugs. 
Contact OptumRx for more 
information about how these 
drugs are covered.
Pharmacy benefit manager for BCBSIL and UHC
OptumRx is the pharmacy benefit manager for both BCBSIL and UHC. The same 
formulary and coverage provisions apply to both carriers. Visit OptumRx’s enrollment 
preview site at welcome.optumrx.com/companya or call 1.855.376.3214 before you 
enroll to research how your current prescriptions will be covered. Note: Mail Order is provided 
through Company A Mail Service or at Company A.

15
$0 Rx Copay Program
If you or any of your covered dependents enrolled in a Company A 
medical plan are being treated for high cholesterol, coronary artery 
disease, diabetes, high blood pressure (hypertension), asthma,  
and/or weight loss, you may be eligible for this program. 
To learn more about the $0 Rx Copay Program, refer to the $0 Rx 
Copay Program Rewards Resource on the My HR Experience Portal 
or call OptumRx at 1.855.376.3214.
Nebulizers and peak flow meters
You can receive selected brand nebulizers and peak flow meters 
under your prescription benefit for a preferred copay.
Company A Mail Service
For your ongoing medications, you can have your prescriptions filled 
through Company A Mail Service. Register for mail order through 
Company A Mail Service at www.companyamailservice.com or by 
calling the Company A Mail Service call center, available 24/7, at 
1.877.787.3047.
Company A Specialty Pharmacy
Company A offers a specialty pharmacy program designed for 
chronic, life-threatening or rare conditions. Specialty drugs are 
characterized as expensive medications with limited access, 
complicated treatment regimens, special storage requirements  
and/or manufacturer reporting requirements.
If you take specialty medications, you can have up to a 30-day 
supply of medications filled through Company A Specialty Pharmacy 
or through a Company A retail pharmacy. The program provides 
educational support, side-effect management, and access to  
on-staff pharmacists and nurses. For more information, or to fill a 
prescription for specialty medications, contact Company A Specialty 
Pharmacy at www.companyaspecialtyrx.com/ or call 
1.800.516.9180.
Step therapy, prior authorization  
and formulary coverage 
There are certain conditions that require step therapy and prior 
authorization for medications. To avoid delays, check whether your 
medication requires prior authorization or a step therapy plan, and  
if it is covered under the plan before getting your prescription filled. 
For more information about your specific medication, call OptumRx 
Member Services at 1.855.376.3214 or visit www.optumrx.com.

16
Consider all your options 
Before you choose a medical plan, it’s critical that 
you do your research: 
• Ensure your home address is up to date. Find 
the link on W Connect or on StoreNet > Tools > 
Applications > People Central.
• Verify that your providers participate in the 
network for each option by using the Provider 
Search tool when you enroll for coverage on the 
Benefits Support Center.
• Confirm the network hospitals and facilities 
in your area. 
• Keep in mind: If you are enrolling in a UHC 
network that requires you to designate a primary 
care physician (PCP) for yourself and your 
covered family members, you’ll be prompted to 
do so when you enroll. If you need to change 
your PCP after you enroll, you’ll need to contact 
UHC directly. In UHC markets where there is 
tiering, Tier 2 providers will cost you more. 

17
How the annual deductible works
Each family member enrolled in one of the Copay medical options 
has an individual deductible and out-of-pocket maximum. 
Under the HSA Plan, your family’s combined healthcare costs  
are used to meet one deductible and one out-of-pocket maximum. 
For example, if you have family coverage under the HSA Plan option 
and you incur $2,000 in eligible expenses, the plan would not pay 
benefits until the entire $4,000 family deductible has been met.
In the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access Plan, your individual (or your 
family’s combined) medical costs are used to meet either a Tier 1 or 
Tier 2 plan deductible. However, many common services (e.g., PCP 
visits, mental health counseling and specialist visits, among others) 
are at no or low cost and not subject to the deductible. 
TIP 7 If you choose the HSA Plan option, you’re eligible to 
contribute to a Health Savings Account. See the 
Spending and savings accounts section for details.
Medical carriers 
Company A continually reviews medical coverage offerings to make 
sure all team members have access to a medical insurance carrier 
and provider networks that provide the best value and quality of 
care. There are a few markets where Company A offers a choice  
of carriers. The BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access Plan is available  
in all markets. You’ll see the designated carriers for your area when 
you enroll. 
Carrier networks
Your medical carrier is one part of the equation. The other part is  
the type of network that’s offered by the carrier.
• All team members have access to a Broad Network that offers 
more provider choice but may have higher per-paycheck costs.
• Lower-cost Value Networks (with a smaller number of providers) 
are available in many areas too. 
Each Broad and Value Network has its own providers, even if they 
are offered through the same medical carrier.
In the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access medical option, you receive 
care virtually first. Your Teladoc PCP will refer you to a Company A 
Health partner (or a BCBSIL Network provider when needed) to help 
you receive Tier 1 benefits. You can also seek care from providers  
in the BCBSIL Network without a referral at a higher out-of-pocket 
cost under Tier 2 benefits.
If your carrier is Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois 
(BCBSIL)
Whether you choose a Broad Network or a Value Network, you’ll get 
the most value when you visit network providers with the BCBSIL 
Blue Distinction® designation. In the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access 
option, your Teladoc PCP will refer you to in-person providers in the  
BCBSIL Network or VillageMD—part of Company A U.S. Healthcare 
segment—to help ensure you receive Tier 1 benefits. 
You can also tap into BCBSIL Blue Distinction Centers of  
Excellence (COEs) (BDC and BDC+) if you need more complex  
care. These COEs are required for cardiac and transplant 
procedures through BCBSIL. 
ID cards
In general, most Company A medical plan 
participants will receive one ID card for both 
medical and prescription drug coverage. If you enroll in the 
BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access option, you will receive an ID 
card from Teladoc. Also, UHC may issue new ID cards for team 
members in the NexusACO
®
 network in certain markets.

18
Did you know? 
Most Company A medical plans include a $5 
copay for Company A in-store clinic visits. If you 
have an HSA and haven’t yet met the annual deductible for 
your plan, you may be charged the full cost at time of service. 
Depending on the clinic, you may be charged the $5 copay 
and then billed later for the remaining cost. 
$
5
per clinic  
visit
Carrier networks continued
If your carrier is UnitedHealthcare (UHC)
Two of UnitedHealthcare’s Value Networks—the NexusACO
®
 and 
Navigate networks—require you to select and get referrals for most 
services from a primary care physician (PCP). 
The NexusACO® network also features provider tiering. If you don’t 
use top-rated or specialty Tier 1 providers, you’ll pay more for your 
coverage (40% or 50% after the deductible plus copays for some 
services, instead of 20%).
UnitedHealthcare also offers Centers of Excellence (COEs) for 
specific conditions. You are required to use their COEs for cancer, 
transplant, fertility and congenital heart disease procedures.
If your carrier is Kaiser Permanente  
or Dean / Prevea360 
Visit the carrier’s website for details about the provider network  
and any special requirements.  
Centers of Excellence (COEs)
Both BCBSIL and UHC require you to use their COEs for specific 
procedures, which are noted on the previous page. Company A  
also offers a separate Carrum Health Medical and Surgery  
Benefit that offers access to Centers of Excellence for other types  
of procedures. 

19
Definition of tobacco user
Have you and/or your spouse/domestic partner (if applicable) 
used tobacco/nicotine products (cigarettes, cigars, chewing 
tobacco, snuff or electronic nicotine delivery systems such as 
e-cigarettes, vaping devices, vape pens) within the last three 
months (regardless of frequency)?
If yes, you (and/or your spouse/domestic partner) are 
considered tobacco users, no matter how often you’ve used 
these products. Your tobacco user status should remain “YES” 
for the medical plan and any voluntary life insurance or critical 
illness coverage you elect. Be sure to read and answer the 
tobacco user status questions carefully.
Note: For critical illness coverage, you (and/or your 
spouse/domestic partner, if applicable) are considered a 
tobacco user if you’ve used any of the products listed above 
within the past 12 months. For purposes of this coverage only, 
e-cigarette and marijuana users are considered non-tobacco 
users. The use of marijuana must be legal in the participant’s 
state of residence and prescribed by a physician, or there is 
the possibility of a covered condition caused or contributed to 
by the use of marijuana may not be paid, due to the voluntary 
drug use exclusion. 
Tobacco user status
The online enrollment system defaults you to a tobacco user status 
of “YES.” This default affects what you’ll pay for medical, voluntary 
life insurance and critical illness coverage (if applicable). If you and/
or your spouse/domestic partner aren’t tobacco users (see definition 
to the right), you’ll need to change your tobacco user status to “NO” 
for yourself and your spouse/domestic partner when you first enroll. 
Team members with a “YES” status will pay up to $1,500 more for 
medical coverage:
• $750 per year for a team member who uses tobacco, PLUS
• $750 per year for a spouse/domestic partner who uses tobacco.
You’ll also pay higher tobacco user rates for your voluntary life 
insurance and critical illness coverage.
If you and your spouse/domestic partner are tobacco users, you can 
have the medical plan surcharge removed by completing the free 
365 Get Healthy Here Tobacco-Free Program. Visit the Benefits 
Support Center to learn more.
Your medical, dental and  
vision costs
To see what you’ll pay for medical,  
dental and vision coverage and care,  
get your 2025 estimated costs.  
(Access code: Stnd2025%#)

20
Get help when you need it through your medical carrier’s Care Coordination program
If you choose a Copay or HSA medical plan option through BCBSIL or 
UHC, your carrier’s Care Coordination program offers help through a:
• BCBSIL Health Advocate; or
• UHC Care Coordinator.
These Care Coordinators/Health Advocates are your trusted advisors 
who can help you find lower-cost, high-quality network care and help 
you make the best choices when seeking care—from helping you find 
a new doctor to getting a second opinion on surgery. Providers can 
typically perform a procedure at different facilities that all have a 
different negotiated facility rate—so it’s definitely worthwhile to 
research all available options.
Your Care Coordinators/Health Advocates can help weigh the pros 
and cons of treatment options—whether for complex care, the 
emergency room, urgent care, doctor’s office or telemedicine. They 
can also help you manage a health condition or prepare for surgery 
by connecting you to resources and support available at no additional 
cost as part of your benefits. Call the number on the back of your 
medical ID card to connect to a Care Coordinator/Health Advocate.
Note to enrollees in UHC options 
If you enroll in a UHC option that requires you to coordinate 
care through your PCP, the PCP will be your first point of 
contact. You can also work with Care Coordinators if eligible, 
but if your plan requires it, always start with your PCP.
Whom to ContactContact InformationSupport Provided
BCBSIL Health 
Advocate  
(Copay or HSA)
1.800.247.9207• Care coordination program
• Clinical advocacy support, 
including targeted support for 
specific conditions
• Bill review
• Claim status
• Centers of Excellence 
• Narrow network guidelines
• Claim appeals
• ID card requests
• Pre-authorization or 
predetermination of benefits
UHC Care 
Coordinator  
(Copay or HSA)
1.844.859.5007
BCBSIL 
myVirtualCare 
Access: Blue Cross 
Blue Shield of  
Illinois/Teladoc
1.855.453.4747
www.luminarehealth.com/companya/myvc
Virtual PCP (select on the Blue Element Mobile IL 
mobile app or at myBlueElementIL.com)
Contact your Teladoc virtual PCP to coordinate your care
Note to enrollees in the BCBSIL myVirtualCare  
Access Plan option 
If you are enrolled in the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access Plan option, 
you will coordinate your care through your Teladoc virtual PCP. 
Easy access to your Care Coordinator/Health Advocate
Log on to the Benefits Support Center and click on the Care 
Coordination Services tile to learn more.

21
Specialized care programs
If you’re enrolled in a Copay or HSA medical option through BCBSIL 
or UHC, you have access to the Carrum Health Medical and Surgery 
Benefit (“Carrum Health”), Hinge Health and Vida Health. If you are 
enrolled in the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access option, you’re eligible 
for Carrum Health and Hinge Health. These innovative programs can 
help you get better care and added value. 
Carrum Health Medical and Surgery Benefit
Subject to limited exceptions, you are required to go through  
Carrum Health when you need one of the procedures listed below. 
Your surgery will not be covered by the Plan if you get one of these 
surgeries outside of Carrum Health:  
• Hip and knee replacement
• Spinal fusion surgery
• Bariatric (weight loss) surgery
You can choose to use the Carrum Health Medical and Surgery 
Benefit for other procedures, including:
• Other orthopedic procedures (e.g., hand, wrist, elbow, shoulder, 
ankle, foot)
• Cardiac (heart) surgery
• Breast and thyroid cancer
• Remote diagnosis, treatment planning and care guidance for all 
forms of cancer
This benefit gives you access to the providers who are ranked  
in the top 10% nationally. Company A covers all or most of the 
procedure and travel costs (including costs for a travel companion 
over age 18), so you won’t worry about traditional health insurance 
or surprise bills.
Plus, it provides 100% coverage for eligible expenses—including 
travel for yourself and your designated travel partner (must be over 
age 18). Note: The 100% coverage applies after the deductible if you 
enroll in the HSA Plan option.
If your carrier has a COE in place for a procedure not covered by the 
Carrum Health Medical and Surgery Benefit, you must use that COE. 
For example, UHC requires COEs for cancer, transplant and fertility 
procedures, as well as congenital heart disease.
Carrum Health also includes access to Carrum’s Guidance Program 
for cancer diagnoses. This program gives you access to:
• A virtual expert second opinion and personalized treatment plan 
development
• An oncology-specialized nurse at a Carrum Center of Excellence
• A dedicated Carrum care team specialist, who will help coordinate 
your care
Visit Carrum.me/Company A or call 1.888.855.7806 for support. 
You’ll also find more information and details in the Carrum SPD Insert 
posted on the Resource Library page of the Benefits Support Center. 
Note: The Carrum Health Medical and Surgery Benefit is a special 
benefit for employees, dependents and COBRA participants enrolled 
in any of the UHC or BCBSIL medical plans, including BCBSIL 
myVirtualCare Access. Your deductible, copay and coinsurance are 
fully waived except if you’re enrolled in the HSA Plan option. Per IRS 
regulations, HSA enrollees must pay the federal minimum deductible 
before additional costs are waived. Travel coverage varies based on 
the procedure. Per IRS rules, a portion of the covered travel 
expenses will be reported as taxable income.
Cancer advocacy programs
Learn about cancer advocacy programs that are 
included in our health plans to offer specialized 
education and support resources.

22
Hinge Health
Your Company A medical coverage through BCBSIL and UHC, as well 
as the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access option, also includes access to 
Hinge Health. 
Hinge Health goes above and beyond traditional physical therapy to 
help you take control of back, knee, joint and pelvic pain. Hinge 
Health offers enhanced services for acute pain, pain prevention, 
pre-/post-surgical rehab via Carrum Health and expert medical 
opinions.
Your access may include:
• App-guided exercise therapy—15-minute sessions to reduce pain 
and increase strength and mobility
• Wearable sensors—that give you live feedback on your form in 
the Hinge Health app
• Personal care team—Connect with your personal health coach or 
physical therapist at any time
Thanks to a convenient app, your Hinge Health care plan can be 
done from anywhere and at a time that works best for your 
schedule. That means never rushing to an appointment or worrying 
about copays! 
If you have any questions about the Hinge Health program, call 
1.855.902.2777 or visit www.hingehealth.com/companya.
Note: FREE for Company A team members and their eligible family 
members age 18+ who are enrolled in a Copay or HSA medical plan 
option through BCBSIL or UHC or the BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access 
option under the Company A Health Plan (the “Plan”).
Vida Health
Available at no cost to you, Vida Health matches you to a health 
coach with proven success in helping people manage chronic 
conditions (diabetes, high blood pressure), lose weight, improve 
nutrition and make the kinds of lifestyle changes that lead to 
happier, healthier lives.
Whether you want to focus on nutrition, weight loss, stress 
management, sleep or simply building healthy routines one day at a 
time, your coach will develop a personal plan and guide you every 
step of the way.
You can sync devices—like fitness trackers, scales and blood  
sugar meters—to monitor your progress through Vida’s easy-to-use 
mobile app.
To enroll, download the Vida Health app to your phone by going to 
www.vida.com/companya or directly to the app store. If you need 
additional support, you can email support@vida.com or call 
1.855.442.5885.
Note: FREE for Company A team members and eligible family 
members 18+ who are enrolled in a Copay or HSA medical plan 
option through BCBSIL or UHC option under the Company A Health 
Plan (the “Plan”). These programs are designed to benefit those 
individuals who have been diagnosed with certain chronic 
conditions (such as obesity, diabetes, pre-diabetes, high blood 
pressure, high cholesterol, anxiety and depression).
Specialized care programs continued

23
Telehealth
For minor health conditions or referrals, team members have access 
to care from licensed providers through the telehealth vendor 
associated with their medical carrier (BCBSIL or UHC). Your cost for 
telehealth services will vary as shown in the table.
Note: This section covers telehealth services provided to enrollees 
in the Copay or HSA Plan. 
To start a telehealth session on your mobile device, computer or 
phone, visit your carrier’s website (see table), register for an account 
and follow the prompts.
If you have:
• Chosen BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access as your medical option: 
Start by contacting your Teladoc PCP. 
• Chosen an HSA Plan or Copay Plan option with BCBSIL or UHC as 
your medical carrier: Download the “98point6” app to your device 
from the Apple Store or Google Play.
Important: 
• Telehealth services aren’t available in all states. Contact your 
medical carrier to learn about any applicable restrictions. 
• In the rare case that your condition is not suitable for a telehealth 
visit, you will be referred to a provider to make an in-office 
appointment. Please confirm with your Care Coordinator or 
Teladoc PCP that the provider’s services will be covered 
in-network by your medical plan.
• Some telehealth vendors offer options for behavioral health 
services. Contact your medical carrier or your telehealth vendor 
for more information.*
*   Receive up to five FREE mental health counseling visits through Life365, and up to 
five additional FREE visits for every new issue. To learn more, call Life365 24/7 at 
1.855.777.0078 or visit online at companyalife365.com, GROUP CODE: life365.
How does a telehealth visit differ from a virtual visit  
with a network provider or doctor?
Your network provider or doctor you see regularly may offer 
“virtual visits” over the phone, online or through video chat, 
instead of an in-office visit. These virtual visits will be covered 
under the regular plan benefit.
Your telehealth vendor provides care virtually too, but 
separately from your network provider or doctor you see 
regularly. See the table for cost and contact information.
Medical CarrierTelehealth 
Vendor
CostWebsite
BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access option
Blue Cross Blue 
Shield (BCBSIL)
Teladoc 
Virtual PCP 
$0 copaywww.luminarehealth.
com/companya/myvc
Copay or HSA medical options
Blue Cross Blue 
Shield (BCBSIL)
Virtual Visits 
by 98point6
$8 copaywww.98point6.com/ 
companya
UnitedHealthcare 
(UHC)
Virtual Visits 
by 98point6
$8 copaywww.98point6.com/ 
companya
Dean / Prevea360Dean Health 
Plan Virtual 
Visits
Contact 
Dean for 
pricing
www.deancare.com/ 
wellness/care- 
management/virtual-visit
Kaiser 
Permanente
My Doctor 
Online
Contact 
Kaiser for 
pricing
www.kp.org/getcare