25
Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) 
To give you more flexibility to save for short- and long-term medical 
costs, you have access to a high-deductible health plan (HDHP) 
option that is compatible with a Health Savings Account (HSA). HSAs 
have many tax advantages that can help you get more for your 
healthcare dollars now and in the future.
HSAs provide a triple tax advantage
• Contributions are tax-free;
• Contributions can be invested and enjoy tax-free growth; and
• Withdrawals used for qualified expenses are tax-free.
TIP 7 See the Medical coverage section and the Summaries of 
Benefits and Coverage (SBCs) on the Benefits Support Center 
website for details on what you pay before and after you meet the 
annual deductible.
Important!
With an HSA Plan, you’ll pay the full cost for all nonpreventive 
services and prescriptions until you meet the individual or full 
family deductible (for two or more covered dependents).  
This includes costs for prescription drugs, doctor’s office 
visits, telehealth consultations and visits to Company A  
in-store clinics.
If you have funds in your HSA, you can use your HSA debit card to 
pay these out-of-pocket costs. You can also pay for the services 
yourself and request a reimbursement—now or in the future.
Spending and savings accounts
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)
Looking to cut costs on healthcare or dependent care? Flexible 
Spending Accounts help you save by using pre-tax dollars for 
eligible expenses. That means you don’t pay taxes on the money you 
contribute or use for these costs. What a great way to get more for 
your money!
For HSA plan participants who elect the Healthcare FSA
If you enroll in the HSA Plan and the Healthcare FSA, your 
Healthcare FSA will automatically become a Limited Purpose 
Healthcare FSA until you meet your medical plan deductible. A 
Limited Purpose Healthcare FSA can only be used for eligible dental 
and vision expenses. Limited Purpose debit card transactions for 
medical or prescription drug expenses will be declined, and you will 
not be reimbursed for those expenses. 
After you meet your medical deductible, contact Optum to update your 
account to a post-deductible Healthcare FSA. Then, you can use the 
account for medical and prescription drug expenses moving forward.
Questions about the FSAs?
Contact Optum at www.OptumBank.com or 1.800.243.5543. You 
can also download the Optum mobile app for account management.
Questions about the HSA?
Contact Optum Bank at www.OptumBank.com or 1.866.234.8913. 
You can also download the Optum Bank mobile app for account 
management.

26
Maximize your benefits: Comparing HSA, Healthcare FSA and Dependent Care FSA
FeatureHealth Savings Account (HSA)Healthcare Flexible Spending  
Account (FSA)
Dependent Care Flexible  
Spending Account (FSA)
2025 contribution 
limits
• Contribute up to $4,300 individual or 
$8,500 family tax-free.
• Plus an additional $1,000 catch-up 
contribution if age 55 or older.
• Contribute up to $3,300 tax-free.• Contribute up to $5,000 per year  
(or $850 for highly compensated 
employees).
What happens to 
unused funds?
• Use the money for eligible medical 
expenses now, or save it for the future, 
even into retirement.
• Unused HSA dollars carry over from year 
to year.
• Bank account that you own and manage. 
Any contributions belong to you even if 
you leave the company or retire.
• For 2025, you have until December 31, 2025 
to incur eligible healthcare expenses. 
Claims must be submitted by March 31 of 
the year after the claim was incurred. 
• You can carry over up to $660 of your 
unused balance from 2025 to 2026, but 
you must re-enroll in the healthcare FSA 
to be eligible. If you don’t re-enroll, any 
carryover balance from 2025 will be 
forfeited March 31, 2026.
• Unused funds don’t carry over from year 
to year, so plan carefully.
• Claims must be submitted by March 31 
of the year after the claim was incurred.
You can use it forQualified medical expenses, such as:
• Doctor’s office visits
• Dental care
• Vision care
• Prescription medications
• Chiropractic services
• Acupuncture
• Hearing aids and batteries
• Contact lenses/eyeglasses
For a full list of qualified medical expenses, 
visit irs.gov.
Designed for health, prescription drug, 
dental and vision out-of-pocket expenses, 
such as:
• Doctor’s office visits
• Dental care
• Vision care
• Prescription medications
• Chiropractic services
• Acupuncture
• Hearing aids and batteries
• Contact lenses/eyeglasses
For a full list of qualified medical expenses, 
visit irs.gov.
Note: If you choose the HSA medical plan, 
only a Limited Purpose Healthcare FSA is 
available for dental and vision expenses 
until you meet your medical plan deductible.
Designed for expenses related to care of 
a child or dependent adult so you (and 
your spouse, if married) can work or 
attend school full-time. Eligible expenses 
include:
• General child care
• Before- and after-school care
• Summer day camp
• Elder care
Find a complete list of eligible  
dependent care expenses at 
irs.gov/publications/p503.

27
FeatureHealth Savings Account (HSA)Healthcare Flexible Spending  
Account (FSA)
Dependent Care Flexible  
Spending Account (FSA)
Other details• Must enroll in the HSA plan.
• You can change your HSA election 
throughout the year.
• Funding your HSA with automatic payroll 
deductions lowers your taxable income.
• As your HSA balance grows, any interest 
you earn is also tax-free.
• You’ll receive an HSA debit card from 
Optum Bank that makes it easy to access 
your account.
• You can only use funds from your HSA 
after they’ve been deposited into your 
account.
• To be eligible for the HSA, you can’t be 
covered by Medicaid, Medicare or another 
non-HDHP medical plan.
• While domestic partners are eligible for 
coverage under an HSA option, HSA 
reimbursements for their out-of-pocket medical 
costs aren’t considered eligible medical 
expenses (per the IRS) and will be taxed.
• The total amount you choose to contribute 
for the year is taken out of your paycheck 
over time, but you get the full amount for 
use as soon as your coverage takes effect.
• You can’t change your Healthcare FSA 
election mid-year unless you experience a 
qualifying life event.
• The total amount you choose to 
contribute for the year is taken out of 
your paycheck over time; you can only 
request reimbursements for up to the 
amount you’ve already contributed for 
the year.
• It’s a good idea to speak with a tax 
professional to determine if the 
Dependent Care FSA or the federal tax 
credit provides you with the greatest 
savings.
The above benefit(s) may not apply (or may apply differently) to certain union and other team members based on applicable agreements.

28
Commuter Benefit Plan
The Commuter Benefit Plan lets you set aside money on a pre-tax 
basis to pay the cost of parking and/or using public transportation or 
vanpool to and from work. By using pre-tax funds, you can lower 
your taxable income and save on your daily commute! This is a 
month-to-month benefit that you can enroll in at any time.
Here’s an example of how the plan works: You must enroll from the 
4th of one month to the 3rd of the next month, for the following 
benefit month. For example, for the March 2025 benefit month, you 
may enroll from January 4 to February 3, 2025.
Questions?
Contact Optum at www.OptumBank.com or 1.877.462.5039. You 
can also download the Optum mobile app for account management.
Commuter Benefit Plan
How it works•   Set aside money on a pre-tax basis to pay the 
cost of parking and/or using public 
transportation or vanpool to and from work.
•   You save money on taxes, because deductions 
are taken from your paycheck before taxes are 
calculated.
•   You can enroll or make changes to your 
Commuter Benefit Plan elections at any time, not 
just during Open Enrollment.
•   You can enroll from the 4th of one month to the 
3rd of the next month, for the following benefit 
month.
Use it or lose itUnused funds will be forfeited when you leave the 
company.
You can use it forWork-related transportation costs for:
• Parking
• Trai n
• Bus
• Subway
• Ferry
• Trolley
• Vanpool