31
Life and disability 
insurance
Company A provides life insurance and disability 
protection to eligible full-time team members. 
Any company-paid coverage from Company A is 
automatic. You don’t need to enroll to be covered. 
However, you do need to enroll to receive 
voluntary coverage.
Remember to record your beneficiaries on  
the Benefits Support Center website. Your 
beneficiaries are the people who receive  
your life insurance benefit in the event of  
your death. It’s very important to get this 
information into the system and keep it up  
to date over time.

32
Life and AD&D insurance 
Reminder! 
Confirm your beneficiary(ies) on the Benefits Support Center 
website. You’ll need to provide your beneficiary’s name, 
address, Social Security number and birthdate.
MetLife is the carrier for your Company-Paid and Voluntary Life and Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) 
coverage. If you are eligible, you automatically receive company-paid coverage and you have the option to enroll in 
additional voluntary coverage. You pay the cost of this coverage through convenient payroll deductions, as you do for 
your other healthcare coverage.
Company-Paid Life 
If you meet the Plan’s eligibility requirements, you are automatically 
enrolled in coverage for a life insurance benefit equal to:
• 1.5 times annual base salary for all salaried team members and 
any eligible hourly team members
• $25,000 for all other hourly team members
Note: If your employment is covered by a collective bargaining 
agreement, you may be eligible for a different company-paid Life or 
Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) benefit. Visit the 
Benefits Support Center to confirm your coverage amounts.
If you’re a salaried team member and your life insurance coverage  
is over $50,000, you’ll pay income tax on the amount over $50,000 
(due to IRS regulations). 
The above benefit(s) may not apply (or may apply differently) to certain union and 
other team members based on applicable agreements.
Eligibility
You’re eligible for both the company-paid and voluntary life and 
AD&D insurance if you are a:
• Full-time salaried team member, actively working at least 30 hours 
per week for 30 days
• Full-time hourly team member, actively working at least 30 hours 
per week for at least 90 days

33
Voluntary Life and AD&D Insurance
Benefits-eligible hourly and salaried team members also have the 
opportunity to buy up to a higher level of coverage through 
voluntary life insurance.
Yo u
• Elect up to 10 times annual base salary in increments of $10,000 
up to $500,000 Guaranteed Issue without Evidence of Insurability 
(EOI).
• The total of your company-paid and voluntary coverage combined 
can’t exceed $12 million.
Spouse/Domestic Partner
• Elect up to $750,000 in coverage or the dollar amount of your 
combined company-paid and voluntary coverage—whichever is 
less—in increments of $1,000 up to $40,000 Guaranteed Issue 
without Evidence of Insurability (EOI).
Dependent Children
• You can elect up to $25,000 in coverage in $5,000 increments. 
Evidence of Insurability is not required.
You can enroll in voluntary life insurance coverage, for you  
and your family, at any time during the year. You can enroll in 
voluntary life insurance via the Benefits Support Center. However, 
Evidence of Insurability (EOI) rules will apply for any elections or 
increases at any time other than when you are first eligible.
Note: Coverage rates are based on whether you and/or your covered spouse/
domestic partner (if applicable) use tobacco products. When you enroll, you’ll need 
to certify your tobacco user status to receive non-tobacco user rates. If you and 
your spouse/domestic partner have used tobacco/nicotine products (cigarettes, 
cigars, chewing tobacco, snuff or electronic delivery systems such as e-cigarettes, 
vaping devices or vape pens) within the last three months, you’re considered a 
tobacco user, regardless of how often you’ve used these products. 
Life and AD&D insurance  
continued
Whole Life Insurance + Long-Term  
Care (LTC) Plan*
Company A offers a new type of financial protection benefit: A Whole 
Life Insurance benefit that includes a Long-Term Care (LTC) rider. 
The policy includes three parts—Whole Life Insurance, a Long-Term 
Care rider and it builds cash you can draw from if needed. 
Whole Life insurance provides lifelong coverage and a cash value 
component, while the LTC rider adds protection against the 
potentially high costs of long-term care. You and your spouse/
domestic partner can choose whether to enroll based on your 
needs.
This voluntary benefit allows you to gain confidence in knowing that 
you have a plan in place to address your future life insurance needs 
and potential long-term care expenses. If needed, either the Life or 
the Long-Term Care benefit can be utilized without depleting the 
value of the other benefit.
You have a special opportunity to elect this coverage with a 
guaranteed rate lock for the life of your coverage. The younger you 
are when you enroll, the lower your rates will be for the life of your 
coverage! You can only enroll when you are newly eligible or during 
Open Enrollment each year. You cannot increase your coverage 
during the year, but you can drop coverage. You may also choose 
coverage for your spouse or domestic partner if you enroll in 
coverage for yourself. If you get married during the year, which is a 
qualifying life event, you may elect coverage for your new spouse, 
but only if you are currently enrolled in team member only coverage. 
*    Accelerated death benefit with restoration and extension of benefits. This is a 
voluntary benefit, and you can choose whether to enroll based on your needs.
The Whole Life Insurance + LTC through Allstate is being communicated to you for 
informational purposes only. The benefit is not sponsored by Company A, is not 
intended to be covered by ERISA and its inclusion in the materials should not be 
construed as an endorsement of the product.
The above benefit(s) may not apply (or may apply differently) to certain union and 
other team members based on applicable agreements.

34
Disability coverage
Company A disability plans protect your paycheck if you are unable to work due to a covered illness, injury or pregnancy. 
Refer to the Summary Plan Description (SPD) posted on the Benefits Support Center for details about the eligibility 
requirements and when coverage is effective.
If eligible, your company-paid coverage from Company A is automatic. 
You don’t need to enroll to be covered. However, you do need  
to enroll to be covered for the voluntary disability plan. You can 
enroll in that plan by logging on to the Benefits Support Center. 
Once enrolled, you may cancel or change coverage at any time.*
Company-Paid Disability Plan
For hourly team members
• Seven-calendar-day waiting period.
• Up to six weeks at 100% base pay.
• Up to six weeks at 50% base pay; 50% benefit may be 
supplemented by accrued PSSL, PTO, Frozen Sick or Frozen 
Vacation.
For salaried team members and limited categories  
of hourly team members
• Seven-calendar-day waiting period.
• Up to six weeks at 100% base salary, followed by 50% of base 
salary for the remainder of your disability, up until you reach 
“Social Security Normal Retirement Age,” depending on the year 
you were born.
• 50% benefit may be supplemented by PTO/FTO, Frozen Sick or 
Frozen Vacation.**
• Your base salary is your monthly earnings from Company A the day 
before your disability begins. As a general rule, it doesn’t include 
any bonuses, commissions, overtime pay or other special 
compensation or hours worked over and above your positions 
base salary.
• Note: Base salary does include overtime for nighttime pharmacists.
Voluntary Long-Term Disability Plan*
For hourly team members 
• If you enroll in the voluntary disability plan, it will kick in after the 
Company A-paid disability coverage ends. 
• This additional benefit allows you to receive up to 50% of your 
pay—tax-free—for either a two- or five-year benefit period while 
you remain disabled. 
For salaried team members and limited categories  
of hourly team members 
• The voluntary disability plan has a 13-week waiting period 
beginning with the first regularly scheduled workday missed and 
pays an additional 10%, 15% or 20% of pay—tax-free—in addition 
to the 50% benefit provided by Company A. 
• This benefit is payable as long as you remain disabled, up to the 
“Social Security Normal Retirement Age.”
*   Evidence of Insurability (EOI), or proof of good health satisfactory to Prudential, will be 
required when you enroll in any amount above Guaranteed Issue and for any increase 
in coverage elected in the future. Pre-existing condition limitations also apply.
**   If you are eligible for disability benefits, disability-related benefits or retirement-
related income from other sources, then your benefits from this plan will be reduced. 
Refer to the Company A Health and Welfare Plan Summary Plan Description for details.