7
Health and  
insurance coverage
Company A offers a comprehensive health  
and insurance program and gives you the 
flexibility to choose the coverage that  
fits your needs. 
ENROLLMENT IS REQUIRED
You must enroll within 31 days of being eligible. 
Otherwise, you will not have medical coverage 
or coverage for  most other benefits. See the 
 “What happens if you don’t  enroll?” section for 
more information. 
Preventive screenings, health resources and 
advocacy programs 
Preventive testing and early detection are vital for 
identifying health conditions, including cancer, before they 
progress. Learn about the plans, programs and resources 
your medical carrier offers to support your health. 

8
Who’s eligible?
Eligibility requirements vary based on your job classification:
• Salaried team members and all support center and centralized 
services hourly team members become eligible on the day after  
30 days of full-time employment.
• Store, distribution center and area/district office hourly team 
members are eligible for medical coverage when they work an 
average of 30 paid hours per week.* 
If you’re eligible, you can enroll in coverage for yourself, your spouse 
or eligible domestic partner (same-sex or opposite-sex) and your 
children  until the end of the month in which they turn 26. 
If you enroll dependents, the Benefits Support Center will require 
you to verify your relationship. Required documentation may include 
a marriage license, affidavit of domestic partnership, income tax 
returns and birth certificates for your children.
Find more eligibility information in the Company A Health and Welfare 
Plan Summary Plan Description (SPD) posted on the Benefits 
Support Center website.
While on the site, you can check your 12-week and 52-week average 
hours. After you’re eligible for coverage, click the Monitor Your 
Benefits Eligibility link to see your hours worked and the estimated 
number of hours you’ll need to work during the current Measurement 
Period to meet the 30 average hours requirement.
*   Your average hours are reviewed after 60 days of employment to determine 
eligibility. If your hours at that time average 30 hours or above, coverage is offered 
and effective on the first of the following month. Otherwise, your hours will be 
reviewed weekly based on actual hours worked during the most recent 12-week 
period. If your 12-week average rises to 30 hours or above, coverage is offered 
and effective on the first of the following month. In the enrollment materials mailed 
to your home address on file, see the Ongoing Eligibility Determination for Hourly 
Team Members insert for details.