24
Group Critical IllnessGroup Hospital Indemnity Group Accident 
About the Plans
• Pays a cash lump-sum payment if you are 
diagnosed with a covered critical illness.
• The payment can be used for non-medical 
expenses that health insurance might not cover.
• Benefit election payouts of 25% for autism and 
skin cancer. 
For more information about benefit  
payout amounts, view plan details at 
www.metlife.com/info/companya.
• Pays a cash benefit that can be used to cover 
your out-of-pocket expenses in case of a 
covered hospitalization. 
• You can use the money toward deductibles, 
copays, premiums and even to help cover your 
daily living expenses. 
This product is HSA-compatible, so it works well 
with the HSA medical option, as well as the Copay 
medical options, to close gaps in coverage. 
Note: Benefits aren’t paid for emergency room 
treatment or outpatient procedures.
IMPORTANT: Refer to the MetLife Group Hospital 
Indemnity legal disclosure, available in the 
Resource Library on the Benefits Support Center 
website. 
• Pays cash benefits that correspond with hospital 
confinements due to a covered accident. 
• The cash benefits can be used to help pay for 
deductibles, treatment, house payments and 
more. 
Note: This coverage is offered in addition to the 
company’s AD&D coverage. That coverage pays a 
lump-sum benefit to you or your designated 
beneficiaries if you die or become seriously injured 
in an accident.
Note: If  you live in California, your coverage levels may be different than what is shown. It depends on the coverage level you choose. For more information, visit the Benefits 
Support Center to review your coverage options.
MetLife is the marketing name used by Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (MLIC) and its affiliates.
The supplemental coverage through MetLife is being communicated to you for informational purposes only. The benefit is not sponsored by Company A, is not intended to be  
covered by ERISA, and its inclusion in the materials should not be construed as an endorsement of the product.
The coverage is provided under forms GVCIP4, GVSP2 and GVAP6, or state variations thereof. The coverage has exclusions and limitations. Contact your benefits  
representative for full details. 
The above benefit(s) may not apply (or may apply differently) to certain union and other team members based on applicable agreements.
Supplemental coverage
MetLife is the provider for Group Critical Illness, Group Hospital Indemnity and Group Accident coverages. Consider enrolling in these 
supplemental benefit options that provide financial protection for your healthcare expenses. You pay the cost of this coverage through 
convenient payroll deductions, as you do for your other healthcare coverage. Visit www.metlife.com/info/companya for more information.