42
Financial well-being
Whatever your financial focus, Company A offers 
two programs that can help you build long-term 
savings for your future—the Company A 
Retirement Savings Plan and the Company A 
Student Loan 401(k) Match Program. The 
company also offers programs that can help you 
save money right now. Note: These programs are 
available more broadly to team members, 
regardless of health coverage eligibility or 
participation.

43
Company A Retirement 
Savings Plan
The Company A Retirement Savings Plan—also called a 401(k) 
Savings Plan—helps you build income for your retirement future.  
You can enroll in this plan at any time after you are eligible.
As a Company A team member, you can join the plan if you’re  
18 years of age or older. You can participate immediately upon hire, 
with no waiting period. Once you join, you can contribute up to  
90% of your pay, up to the annual IRS limit. You choose how to  
invest your plan account, using any combination of the plan’s 
investment funds.
You are generally eligible for company matching contributions  
after one year plus 1,000 hours of service. After you become  
match-eligible, the company matches the first 4% of pay you 
contribute to your account (including pre-tax contributions and  
Roth 401(k) contributions). Please review the Summary Plan 
Description for specific eligibility requirements. 
When you’re first hired by Company A, you’ll receive enrollment 
information from Fidelity Investments
®
 at the email address you have 
on file with Company A. If you don’t have an email address on file 
with Company A, you’ll receive your enrollment information via postal 
mail at your home address. To enroll in the plan at any time, visit 
www.netbenefits.com. You may also call the Company A Retirement 
Savings and Investment Center at Fidelity by calling 1.833.422.9247, 
Monday through Friday from 7:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. Central time.
Note: These programs are available more broadly to team members, regardless of 
health coverage eligibility or participation.
Company A Student Loan 401(k) Match 
Program
Company A is proud to be among the first large employers to offer a 
financial well-being program that supports the financial future of our 
team members with student loan debt.
We offer the Company A Student Loan 401(k) Match Program 
because you shouldn’t have to choose between paying off student 
loan debt and saving for retirement. 
This benefit will help boost your Company A Retirement Savings 
Plan—or RSP. Company A treats your monthly student loan payments 
as if they were 401(k) contributions and matches them up to 4% of 
your eligible pay. You are generally eligible for company matching 
contributions after one year and 1,000 hours of service.
When you become eligible for the Company A Student Loan 401(k) 
Match Program, you will receive more information from Fidelity.
Financial Well-Being 
through NetBenefits
®
Company A has teamed up with Fidelity Investments
®
 to make 
financial wellness tools available on NetBenefits
®
, to help you  
with debt management, tax preparation, managing student debt, 
budgeting, saving for college, tax preparation, wills and estate 
planning and more!
In under 10 minutes, take the financial wellness checkup by 
answering a few questions and get a summary of how you’re  
doing financially.
TIP 7 Tex t  FIT to 343-898 to get a link to the checkup.*
*    Message and data rates may apply. Get details at 
https://digital.fidelityinvestments.com/SMSee. 

44
EarnIn Financial Service
EarnIn is a financial service designed to provide early access to your 
earned wages, helping you manage unexpected expenses with 
greater flexibility. Company A team members get a $0.50 discount on 
all optional Lightning Speed transfers. While EarnIn offers the option 
to provide a tip to support their service, tipping is not required. Visit 
www.earnin.com for more details. 
As part of our review of terms and prevalence of the various third-party advance pay 
services in the marketplace, Company A has decided to partner with EarnIn to 
communicate and describe the EarnIn offerings to our team members, including 
early pay access and other services. Company A has no financial, administrative or 
other involvement in these services, which are exclusively between EarnIn and each 
team member, and are no different than the services offered by EarnIn to the 
general public. Company A is not providing any team member data to EarnIn and 
assumes no responsibility or liability with respect to EarnIn services. The decision of 
whether to utilize the services of EarnIn (and/or any other early pay access provider) 
is strictly yours. 

45
Auto and Home Insurance
Take advantage of competitive rates and save money when you 
insure your auto, home and other property, and yourself against 
personal liability from leading national carriers through the Added 
Benefits
®
 Auto and Home Insurance Program.
LifeLock™ Identity Theft Protection Program
Protect your identity, your devices and your online privacy against 
online threats, viruses, ransomware and malware, at home and on 
the go.
MetLife Legal Plans
Eliminate the stress of finding the right attorney and paying hefty 
legal fees for life’s planned and unplanned legal matters by enrolling 
in group legal coverage through MetLife.
You can only enroll when you’re first eligible for coverage or during 
each year’s Open Enrollment period. Call Added Benefits at 
1.844.800.8548 or visit www.companyaaddedbenefits.com.
Pet Insurance
Purchase pet insurance at competitive rates through our partnership 
with Added Benefits
®
.
Purchasing Power
® 
Buy brand-name computers, electronics, appliances and more 
through the ease of automatic payroll deductions, if eligible. 
Purchasing Power offers no required up-front cash or credit check 
and 12 months to pay.
Added Benefits
®
Use the Added Benefits Program to save money on auto, home and pet insurance. You can also get discounts on group 
legal coverage and identity theft protection. 
Here’s an overview of what’s offered. 
 
The supplemental coverage through Added Benefits including the MetLife Legal 
Plans, is being communicated to you for informational purposes only. The benefit is 
not sponsored by Company A, is not intended to be covered by ERISA, and its 
inclusion in the materials should not be construed as an endorsement of the 
product. Visit www.companyaaddedbenefits.com for full plan details and 
disclaimers. 
The above benefit(s) may not apply (or may apply differently) to certain union and 
other team members based on applicable agreements.
Eligibility* 
If you’re a part-time or full-time team member, you’re eligible 
for Auto and Home Insurance, LifeLock Identity Theft 
Protection Program, MetLife Legal Plans and Pet Insurance.  
To be eligible for Purchasing Power
®
, you must be a part-time 
or full-time team member who has been active for at least  
12 months of service and earns at least $16,000 annually. You 
must also have a bank account or credit card (to be used for 
direct bill pay or in case of non-payment via payroll deduction).

46
Other programs that can save you money
Team Member Purchase Discount Program
Company A and WBA team members, including Duane Reade team 
members, and their immediate family members who reside in the 
same household are eligible for merchandise discounts on 
purchases made at Company A, Duane Reade and Company A.com. 
It provides a discount of up to 25% on Company A-owned brands and 
up to a 15% discount on almost all other merchandise.
To receive the team member discount, team members (or their 
immediate family members) need to link their myCompany A™ 
account (maximum two myCompany A™ accounts) to their team 
member discount by entering their phone number and zip code 
associated with their myCompany A™ account on the keypad during 
checkout.
For additional program details, review the Team Member Purchase 
Discount Program on the My HR Experience Portal. 
PerkSpot
The PerkSpot discount purchase program offers Company A team 
members savings on goods and services from thousands of national 
and local retailers and service providers—such as electronics, 
travel, movie tickets and more. Get more information at 
https://companya.perkspot.com or call 1.866.606.6057.
Childcare discounts
Company A partners with The Learning Care Group, KinderCare 
Education and The Learning Experience, national early education 
and child care providers, to offer team members a 10% discount  
on services. For more information, visit PerkSpot at 
https://companya.perkspot.com or call 1.866.606.6057.
Additional caregiver resources  
through Life365 EAP 
Company A team members also have access to childcare support  
and referral resources through Life365, our third-party EAP 
administrator. To connect with a live EAP Care Advocate, you and 
your eligible dependents can call Life365 24/7 at 1.855.777.0078  
or visit online at companyalife365.com, GROUP CODE: life365. 
KinderCare Education includes 
the following providers:
• KinderCare
• Knowledge Beginnings
• Champions Before and After 
School Program
The Learning Care Group 
includes the following providers:
• Tutor Time
• Child Time
• Children’s Courtyard
• Montessori Unlimited
• LaPetite Academy
• Creative Kids