Time-sensitive enrollment information 
for your 2025 benefits
Health & Well-Being

2
Welcome to Company A and your 2025  
Health & Well-Being Guide!
We’re glad you’re here! 
You’ll get the most from your enrollment period when you understand all that Company A offers, know 
how your benefits work and make informed choices that help provide coverage and protection for you 
and your family. This guide provides you with important information about your 2025 benefits.
There are many ways to view this guide. Choose what works best for you:
Navigation—click on the arrows to flip to a new page or use the menu at the top 
of each page to go to a different section.
Page thumbnails—click on the Page Thumbnail icon at the bottom of your screen 
to move around the document.
Download and print—click on the Download PDF icon at the bottom of your screen to 
do just that—download a PDF version of the guide to save and print. 
ENROLLMENT IS REQUIRED 
You must enroll within 31 days of being eligible. Otherwise, you will not 
have medical coverage or coverage for  most other benefits. See the 
“What happens if you don’t enroll?” section for more information.

3
Health and  
insurance coverage
Comprehensive health and 
insurance coverage—with  
the flexibility to choose  
what fits your needs
Medical/Prescription 
〉
  
Drug coverage
• BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access 
Plan
• Copay Plan
• Premier Copay Plan
• HSA Plan  
Supplemental coverage 
〉
• Group Critical Illness
• Group Hospital Indemnity
• Group Accident
Spending and savings accounts 
〉
• Health Savings Account (HSA)
• Flexible Spending Accounts— 
Healthcare and Dependent Care
• Commuter Benefit Plan
Dental coverage 
〉
• Value PPO Dental
• Premier PPO Dental
• Exclusive Network Dental Plan 
(ENDP)
Vision coverage 
〉
• Value Vision
• Premier Vision
Life and disability 
insurance
Life and disability protection 
for you and the people you love
Life and AD&D insurance 
〉
• Company-Paid Life
• Voluntary Life and AD&D 
Insurance
Whole Life Insurance +   
〉
 
Long-Term Care (LTC) Plan
Disability coverage 
〉
• Company-Paid Disability Plan
• Voluntary Long-Term  
Disability Plan
Physical and  
emotional well-being
Physical and emotional 
well-being programs  
offered at no cost
365 Get Healthy Here (365GHH) 
〉
• $0 Rx Copay Program for  
those enrolled in a Company A 
medical plan
• Tobacco-Free Program 
Life365 Employee Assistance 
〉
  
Program (EAP)
Free flu shots 
〉
The Walgreen Benefit Fund 
〉
Weight Management discounts  
〉
 
through PerkSpot 
Time away from work 
〉
• Paid Time Off
• Holidays
• Paid Parental Leave
• Bereavement Leave
Family forming benefits 
〉
• Adoption and Surrogacy 
Reimbursement Program 
Financial well-being
Financial well-being programs 
that help you save now and  
for the future
Company A Retirement  
〉
 
Savings Plan (401(k))
• Company A Student Loan 401(k) 
Match Program
Financial Well-Being  
〉
 
through NetBenefits
®
EarnIn 
〉
Added Benefits
®
 
〉
• Auto and Home Insurance 
• LifeLock Identity Theft Protection 
• MetLife Legal Plans 
• Pet Insurance
• Purchasing Power 
Team Member Discount  
〉
 
(in-store)
PerkSpot purchase program,  
〉 
including child care discounts
Additional caregiver resources  
〉
 
through Life365 EAP
Your benefits at a glance

4
Your medical, dental and vision costs
To see what you’ll pay for medical, dental and  
vision coverage and care, get your 2025  
estimated costs. (Access code: Stnd2025%#)
Ready, set ... enroll! 
Log on to the Benefits Support Center website
• Set up your user ID, password and security questions the 
first time you log on:
 ‒From work: Authenticate into W Connect or StoreNet using 
your OneID and password. Then click on the Benefits 
Support Center Quick Link (no additional credentials are 
required).
 ‒From anywhere: Log on to www.BenefitsSupportCenter.com 
from any personal computer, tablet or smartphone with 
your user ID and password. Note: For the best viewing 
experience, please use Firefox, Google Chrome or 
Microsoft Edge.
• Want to talk to a live person? Representatives are available 
at 1.855.564.6153 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central time, 
Monday through Friday.
• Looking for information on the go? Download the Alight Mobile 
app from the App Store or Google Play. Select Walgreen Co. 
and then log on with your user ID and password.
Review your choices and enroll 
Use the tools and resources on the Benefits Support Center to  
help you decide, including:
• This guide—You can download a PDF to review now and 
keep it for future reference.
• Provider Search—Find doctors in your network.
• Plan comparisons—View side-by-side summaries of your  
medical options.
1
2
Supporting the needs of our  
LGBTQ+ community  
Learn how Company A provides comprehensive  
benefit programs for all.

5
What happens if you don’t 
enroll? 
You must enroll within 31 days of being eligible. 
Otherwise, you will not have medical coverage 
or coverage for most other benefits.
You won’t be able to add or change coverage until the Open 
Enrollment for the next calendar year. There are some exceptions  
to this “no mid-year changes” rule if you have a qualifying life event, 
like marriage, divorce, birth or adoption. You must report your 
qualifying life event either online through the Benefits Support 
Center website or by calling the Benefits Support Center within  
31 days of the event.
You’ll find more information in the Company A Health and Welfare 
Plan Summary Plan Description (SPD) that’s posted in the Resource 
Library on the Benefits Support Center. 
What’s next
Watch for your benefits confirmation statement. 
Within an hour after you enroll online on the 
Benefits Support Center website, you’ll receive an 
email confirming your benefit elections. Your 
confirmation will come by postal mail if you:
• Don’t enroll by the deadline and default to no 
medical coverage; or
• Enroll online, but you don’t have an email 
address on file.
Keep your information up to date
Visit People Central to confirm your home address so you don’t 
miss important information. Find the link on W Connect or 
StoreNet > Tools > Applications > People Central.
JANE DOE
1234 MAIN STREET
ANYTOWN, XX 12345

6
Find important  
disclosures online
The Enrollment Kit mailed to your home address includes some 
required notices with helpful information about your benefits, 
including:
• The Patient Protection Notice
• Your Rights and Protections Against Surprise Medical Bills
• Notice regarding 365 Get Healthy Here (wellness benefits)
• Protections from disclosure of medical information
• Availability of summary health information
• Women’s Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998
• Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA)
• Women’s preventive services: Required health plan coverage 
guidelines
• The Newborns’ and Mothers’ Health Protection Act
• The Company A Health Plans HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
• MetLife Group Hospital Indemnity legal disclosure
Log on to the Benefits Support Center and select Resource Library 
from the navigation bar to access electronic copies of these notices 
and other important plan information, such as Summary Plan 
Descriptions (SPDs), Summaries of Benefits and Coverage (SBCs) 
and Summary Annual Reports (SARs). Note: You can also access 
Summary Annual Reports by selecting the Summary Annual Report 
Quick Link on the home page.
Please note that you may receive additional notices from the 
Benefits Support Center during and after you enroll as a newly 
eligible team member. For example, if you add any family members 
to your Company A medical, prescription drug, dental or vision 
coverage, that family member will receive an up-front notice of his 
or her right to continue health coverage under COBRA when active 
coverage ends. 
Questions?
Call the Benefits Support Center at 1.855.564.6153. 
Representatives are available from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Central time, Monday through Friday.
Important Information 
This information is intended to provide an overview of some of the 
benefit plans for which you may be eligible as a Company A team 
member. If any information in this guide conflicts with the official plan 
and program documents, those plans and documents will govern. 
Company A reserves the right to amend, modify or terminate these 
plans and programs at any time. Also, due to existing agreements 
and/or applicable legal requirements, team member benefits may vary 
and some of the information in this guide may not apply to you. If you 
have questions, contact your HR representative. You can also search 
for benefits information on the Benefits Support Center at 
www.BenefitsSupportCenter.com.
Certain union employee and other component groups may have 
differences in eligibility and/or benefits than described in this guide, 
based on collective bargaining agreement provisions or otherwise. 
Team members in these groups should log on to the Benefits Support 
Center for information about applicable eligibility and benefits.
Member of Company A Boots Alliance