35
Supporting your 
well-being 24/7
Company A offers a comprehensive well-being 
program that supports your physical and 
emotional well-being. These programs are 
generally provided at no cost to you. Keep  
reading to learn more.

36
Enrolling in your benefits is just the first step: 
Making the most of your coverage is a year-round journey
If you enroll in coverage through BCBSIL (including the BCBSIL myVirtualCare 
Access option) or UHC, you have access to all of these programs. If you choose another 
Company A insurance carrier, you have access to Life365 and the 365 Get Healthy Here 
Tobacco-Free Program as well as free in-network preventive care. 
Preparing for your care 
 ✓Participate in 365 Get Healthy Here (365GHH)
365 Get Healthy Here provides:
• $0 Rx Copay Program for those enrolled in a Company A medical plan
• Tobacco-Free Program through Vida Health*
 ✓Take advantage of this valuable well-being program
Free flu shots
 ✓You can also take advantage of other wellness incentives and programs offered 
through your insurance carrier
 ✓Locate a high-quality provider using the Provider Search tool on the Benefits Support 
Center website* 
IMPORTANT! Using an in-network provider is critical. When you enroll on the Benefits Support Center website, use only the 
provider search tools to check the network status of your and your family’s doctors, hospitals and facilities.
*   The Tobacco-Free Program through Vida Health is not available to post-65 retirees and certain union plans and 
participants are not eligible for this program.

37
 ✓Visit your in-network provider 
Get recommended preventive care, including certain cancer 
screenings, covered at 100% with no deductible. 
Learn about the preventive screenings, health resources and 
advocacy programs our health plans offer.
 ✓Consider telehealth services if available
 ✓Tap into the mental health and well-being services and 
support provided through Life365:
Life365 Employee Assistance Program (EAP) with 24/7 access to 
professional advisors via telephonic, in-person or video counseling. 
Up to five free visits with a clinician in your community, per issue.
 ✓Consult with your UHC PCP (if applicable) or your Teladoc 
virtual PCP to compare prices and obtain any necessary 
referrals
Compare prices and choose more cost-effective options and 
locations for medical treatments such as ultrasounds and MRIs. 
 ✓Contact your health plan’s Care Coordinator 
Get help with claims, questions about proposed care and other 
possible options, and information about Centers of Excellence 
(COEs) and targeted programs for certain medical conditions  
like diabetes, maternity, cancer and back, knee and other 
musculoskeletal concerns.
• BCBSIL myVirtualCare Access option virtual PCP (select on the 
Blue Element Mobile IL mobile app or at myBlueElementIL.com)
• BCBSIL Health Advocate (Copay or HSA)
• UHC Care Coordinator (Copay or HSA)
Making the most of your care 

38
The 365 Get Healthy Here Wellness Program (365GHH) is 
the foundation of our wellness offerings and supports 
team members and their covered spouses/domestic 
partners in leading healthier lifestyles. 
The following resources are available 24 hours a day, seven days a 
week, by visiting the Benefits Support Center: 
• Participants enrolled in a Company A medical plan may qualify for 
the $0 Rx Copay Plan
1
 for medications for certain chronic 
conditions by participating in a healthy activity.
 ‒Eligible conditions include high cholesterol, coronary artery 
disease, diabetes, high blood pressure (hypertension), asthma 
and/or weight loss.
 ‒To learn more about the $0 Rx Copay Program, refer to the  
$0 Rx Copay Program Rewards Resource on the My HR 
Experience Portal or call OptumRx at 1.855.376.3214. 
• Get FREE support and resources to help you quit tobacco with 
Vida Health. To learn more, refer to the Tobacco-Free Program 
Rewards Resource on 365GHH. Upon completion of the program, 
team members and their spouses/domestic partners can remove 
their Company A medical plan tobacco surcharge.
• Access the Life365 Employee Assistance Program (EAP).
1
 Normal HSA rules apply. 
Note: Your personal health information is kept completely private and confidential. In 
keeping with federal law, your individual health information may be shared only with 
other entities involved in administering company health benefits that agree to 
comply with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) privacy 
regulations.
Life365 Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Support for anytime you need it!
Take the first step toward a happier, more balanced life with Life365.
Administered by CuraLinc Healthcare, the Company A Life365 EAP 
offers guidance to help you address and resolve everyday issues at 
no cost to you or your eligible family members.* You can receive 
support to address family and relationship issues, improve work-life 
balance, manage stress and anxiety and more. 
Life365 provides guidance through:
• In-the-moment support with a licensed clinician
• Short-term counseling sessions in-person or virtual
• Concierge resources to find referrals for child and elder care, 
home repair, housing needs and more
• Mindstream™, a new solution that offers live and on-demand video 
and audio sessions on a variety of mental well-being topics. 
Access support whenever it’s needed and wherever is most 
convenient for you. Visit companyalife365.com or download the 
mobile app. Use the group code, life365, to create a personal 
profile. You can also call 1.855.777.0078 for support 24 hours a day, 
7 days a week. 
Life365 ensures no one will know you have accessed the program 
without your written permission except as required by law. 
Note: Life365 is available more broadly to team members, 
regardless of health coverage eligibility or participation. 
*   Your eligible family members include those living in your home, as well as children 
living outside of your home up to age 26.

39
Free flu shots 
Get your free flu shot at any Company A store during all pharmacy 
and clinic hours, including overnights at 24-hour pharmacy 
locations, and on weekends and holidays. If you’re not already 
registered in the pharmacy  system, the pharmacist or Company A 
in-store clinic nurse practitioner will ask for your employee number 
to identify you as a Company A team member. 
Note: Only team members are eligible for this benefit. Your 
dependents covered by a Company A medical plan can receive  
a free flu shot under the preventive care benefit.
The Walgreen Benefit Fund 
When team members are faced with financial hardships from tragedies 
like natural disasters, chronic illnesses, high medical bills or funeral 
costs, the Walgreen Benefit Fund (WBF) is here to provide support—
because at Company A, we’re committed to standing by you when it 
matters most. The WBF is a separate 501(c)(3) non-profit entity that 
was started in the 1930s by Charles R. Walgreen, Sr. as a way to 
support team members in times of need and continues to be funded 
primarily by fellow team members.
For more information on how to apply for a grant and/or how to donate 
to this important fund, visit the WBF page on W Connect, or type 
Walgreen Benefit Fund into the My HR Experience Portal.
You are eligible to apply for financial assistance if you: 
• Have at least six months of service; 
• Experience a qualifying life event (long-term illness, serious injury, 
death of immediate family, unsafe living conditions or natural 
disaster); and 
• Have exhausted all other assistance sources. 
To apply, team members complete applications to document their 
hardship, and the Walgreen Benefit Fund staff will review those 
applications and approve need-based aid.
Weight Management discounts  
through PerkSpot 
Visit PerkSpot at https://companya.perkspot.com or call 
1.866.606.6057 for information about discounts such as Noom, 
Daily Harvest, Green Chef, Thrive Market, Home Chef, WeightCare 
and Pressed Juicery.
Check back frequently, as discounts may change throughout  
the year. 
Tip 〉
In addition to participating in these programs, you may have 
access to programs offered by your insurance carrier. Check 
your carrier’s website for specific details that apply to you.

40
Paid time off benefits
Company A offers three different Paid Time Off benefit programs 
under which team members may receive paid time off depending on 
which program they are eligible for. 
•   The Flexible Time Off (FTO) Program applies to team members in 
or equivalent to Analysis Band and above.
•   The Paid Time Off (PTO) Plan applies to team members who 
maintain a 12-week average of 30 hours or more.  
•   Paid Sick and Safe Leave (PSSL) Program applies to team 
members who work a 12-week average of less than 30 hours.  
Team members accrue PTO or PSSL based on their hours worked 
each week. Team members can use the time accrued for their time 
off needs after they have satisfied the new hire eligibility period of 
90 calendar days from date of hire, unless required otherwise by 
law. More information can be found on the My HR Experience Portal 
with details on how much time team members are eligible to accrue 
based on their position, work location and weekly average hours.
.
Time away from work
Paid Parental Leave (PPL) Program 
The PPL Program allows eligible team members to take up to eight 
weeks of paid leave, at 100% base pay, to bond with their newborn 
or newly adopted child under the age of 18. 
Available to mothers and fathers, biological or adoptive, as well as 
parents whose baby is carried via a surrogate, this program provides 
for eight weeks of leave at 100% pay. 
Team members must meet the eligibility requirements as of the date 
of the qualifying birth/adoption, and also as of the start of the leave.
Team members must average 30 or more hours per week for the 
most recent 52 weeks (or since their hire date if less than 52 weeks). 
Other key points:
• Salaried team members are eligible 91 days after their hire date.
• Hourly team members are eligible 181 days after their hire date.
In cases where both parents are employed by the company, up to 
eight weeks of paid parental leave is available to each team member.
For more information, refer to the Paid Parental Leave Policy 
available on the My HR Experience Portal.
The above benefit(s) may not apply (or may apply differently) to certain union and 
other team members based on applicable agreements.
Bereavement Leave
Company A recognizes that a death in the family may necessitate 
time away from work to grieve and attend to family matters. An 
eligible team member can take Bereavement Leave for the death  
of a parent, step-parent, parent-in-law, sibling, step-sibling, child, 
step-child, spouse, domestic partner, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, 
sister-in-law, brother-in-law, grandparent, step-grandparent, 
grandchild, step-grandchild or grandparent-in-law.
Bereavement Leave may extend from the day of death up to and 
including the day of the memorial service, up to a maximum of  
four days.
Holidays
Company A observes the following holidays: 
• New Year’s Day
• Memorial Day
• July 4th
• Labor Day
• Thanksgiving Day
• Christmas Day
Other holidays may be observed in different parts of the U.S.  
or at your specific location. 
If you’re an hourly team member and work an average of 
20 hours a week, you’ll be eligible for company-paid holidays 
after six months of service. If you’re salaried, you’re eligible 
immediately. Information about the Holiday Benefit Program 
can be found on the My HR Experience Portal. 

41
Family forming benefits
Company A recognizes that there are many paths to parenthood and 
provides several benefits and programs for eligible team members 
who want to grow their families. We are proud to support our team 
members by offering financial assistance through our Adoption and 
Surrogacy Reimbursement Program.*
Fertility coverage: The HSA and Copay medical plan options through 
UnitedHealthcare and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Illinois provide a 
lifetime maximum benefit of up to $50,000 for fertility treatment. You 
aren’t required to provide a medical diagnosis, and there is no age 
limit. These medical plan options also provide fertility preservation 
services for situations beyond the “medical necessity” requirement. 
There is a $15,000 lifetime maximum for fertility drugs. Contact 
OptumRx for more information about how these drugs are covered. 
Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement Program: Company A 
offers the Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement Program* that 
reimburses each eligible team member up to $10,000 per lifetime for 
eligible expenses related to using a surrogate to assist in carrying 
and giving birth to a child. 
It also provides eligible team members with financial assistance of 
up to a lifetime maximum of $10,000 toward qualified expenses 
related to an eligible adoption. 
Note: The Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement Program is 
offered separately from the Company A medical plans. You don’t have 
to be covered under a Company A medical plan option to receive 
these benefits. 
*    To be eligible for the Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement Program, you must be a 
Company A or WBA U.S.-based team member who is aligned to Company A employee 
benefit plans and programs. For additional eligibility details, review the Benefit 
Program Overview on the My HR Experience Portal or the Benefits Support Center.
The above benefit(s) may not apply (or may apply differently) to certain union and 
other team members based on applicable agreements.
Supporting the needs of our  
LGBTQ+ community  
Learn how Company A provides comprehensive  
coverage for all.